Documentation fixes and improvements (#1359)
oasisprotocol/docs: docs/node/run-your-node/troubleshooting.md

  * Do you have the latest genesis?
  * Do you have the correct private key (or Ledger device).
  * If you're signing a transaction:
    * Do you have a sufficient account balance to make the transaction?

>       * Check your account balance using the `oasis-node stake account info` command with appropriate parameters

Reviewer: The `oasis-node stake` command is deprecated. Please replace any `oasis-node stack account info` with `oasis account show` command with a corresponding link to the CLI docs.

```suggestion
      * Check your account balance using the [`oasis account show`] command with appropriate parameters

...
[`oasis account show`]: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/cli/blob/master/docs/account.md#show
```

  * Do you have the latest genesis?
  * Do you have the correct private key (or Ledger device).
  * If you're signing a transaction:
    * Do you have a sufficient account balance to make the transaction?
      * Check your account balance using the [`oasis account show`] command with appropriate parameters

> ...

Reviewer 2: the 
```
...
[ reference]: <url>
```
wasn't ment to literally put ...

the ... was meant to put the reference with url later. e.g. in the end of the section to collect all urls of the section.

the [reference] also needs to have a empty line before, else it seem to to render the link.

[`oasis account show`]: https://github.com/oasisprotocol/cli/blob/master/docs/account.md#show
    * Are you using the correct nonce?

>       * Check your account nonce using the `oasis-node stake account info` command with appropriate parameters

Reviewer 2: this should probably also reference the `oasis account show` instead of the `oasis-node`

  * Do you have the latest genesis?
  * Do you have the correct private key (or Ledger device).
  * If you're signing a transaction:

>   * If you're signing a transaction:

Reviewer 2: If you're signing a transaction:
is now duplicated.

The link to cli was a good addition, it should have been kept
